hey youtube its WJ over here and today
I'm just gonna be doing a quick pirate
review on the Caribbean clipper I think
it's called and I brought this off eBay
two figures missing so I didn't have me
figures that is I think it's the captain
there but you get what you got and then
I got him I don't know how many other
ones there I think there's about two but
there's three four five five year why I
put on here I'm this set it's really
good set I recommend it
it's set number six to seven for its
sense in Legoland I'm not sure when it
was made I'm all that stuff will be in
the description below so yeah I don't
know where to start
well yeah it's great detailed inside
that much and the flags are really neat
really nice in the boxes really nice the
old
so yeah here's the box big box well
let's be honest it's quite a big set now
you can see it it's really nice but what
I'd like to show you about this box is
it's the really old old flip up so it
flips up like that and God knows why for
the year we get instruction marketing
max that's funny my dad when he was
tired you for whatever to do it so yeah
it's really nice
I recommend it for all the ages but I'll
show you me for just know so I don't
know if this person's name is add more
people or something I'm not sure what
his name is but whatever his name is
he's cool he's really nice torso printed
no back torso printing but rubber guys
this is an old set it's really cool
listen much to say about him and if
you're watching this video you would
probably know aa blue coat looks like
I'm gonna show you anyway so that's him
I put him down that may be so I picked
up the one that I've coffee ebay now the
one that I got from this snap just to
show you the harm right got my help so
yeah there is sorry this is red it's red
to be yellow but the person when I got
this set did it like this I'm quite
annoyed I only had two figures oh noes
on Christmas and I was like wow so yeah
maybe you guys get here is
and it doesn't say an age rating the
I'll write in myself already say 8:10 no
8 plus or temp that's probably because
it some parts actually really quite
tricky I made it and it did not look
anything like it's meant to so I
basically just made it again so yeah
thank you for watching my review on the
Caribbean clipper and I'll see you in
the next Lego or homie video thank you